READ ME
First, I want to take a look at the README document included in the Samsung data sets
To obtain as much info as possible about the data sets, before tidying them up.
There are 30 different subjects in the two groups ( training and testing) numbered 1 – 30.
21 are in the training data set, and 9 are in the testing data set.
There are 17 different signal variables of the feature vector for each pattern, and each signal variable has over a dozen variables describing a statistical parameter of the signal variable.  For this assignment,
We are only interested in the mean and standard deviation variables of the signals.
ReadME gives the following text files to be used from each set:
features: Lists  names of all the features
activity_labels: Links the class labels with the activity name
train/x_train:  data values oftraining set
train/ y_train: training labels
test/x_test: data values of test set
test/y_test: test labels
subject_train :  Subject ID
subject_test: Subject ID

Now the next step is to merge the training and test sets for these training data, training labels, and subjects. This gives step 1 of the assignment.

For step 2 of the assignment,  its necessary to look at the column names of the Features data table to
See the structure of which variables contain the mean and std. deviation of each measurement. From
Looking at the names function of my Feat.  Data table, I see that mean() and std() are contained in all the
Columns I want, so I can subset the data set with those terms.

For Step 3, I go back and read the activities test file, then replace the index #s in the activities column
Of the df with their matching descriptions.

For Step 4, I check the names of the df, and pick out which labels could be improved with descriptive
Names.  prefix T, ACC, Gyro, prefix f, and mag should all be replaced with their full words. Also add
Underlines in appropriate places to make labels more readable.

For step 5, the df must be grouped by subject and activity, then summarized with the mean
Of each variable. I LOVE dplyr!!!!!  Lol

Finally save final data set to a text file using write data function.

